
Domingo 6 de Febrero de 2005

Hacer unas cajas donde se pueda poner una rosa, le mando 7 rosas, una 
diaria, cada una acompanhada de un poema y de distintos colores, 
finalizando por la tipica rosa roja y tal vez con un florero de buen disenho u artesanal.


Martes 15 de Febrero de 2005

Seria buena idea hablar de planes para visitar Europa con ella en unos dos anhos
a partir de hoy.
Tambien seria genial planear un road trip con ella a Servierville e ir a Dollywood.
Bueno ese seria un plan genial con o sin ella.


Domingo 20 de Febrero de 2005

Preguntarle si le gustan las cerezas, las cerezas pueden llegar a ser
buenas aliadas en juegos sexuales, tambien lo que he pensado de la miel
cuando hagamos el amor. Tambien seria genial ademas de la miel, un buen 
vino u otros tipos de liquidos por el estilo, claro que la miel seria de 
los mejor.


Sunday 20 March, 2005

SUBLIME

7 Letters, 7 days, or better, 7 weeks and 7 different places where the 
cards are sent from, with each one of the letters in a card and something 
deep said in each one. And the last one is got the definition of Kant of 
what is sublime and why I think she's not only unreal cause I've made her 
an IDEA in my mind, but also that she's a sublime work of Art because 
reason and dreams collapse and can't communicate with each other.


Friday July 1st, 2005

Haven't seen or known anything from her in a while.
Just thought that I'm just gonna write a letter to her house, as if she was very far away and I was writing from 
Colombia, actually I can do just that. Send the letter to Colombia, then ask Marta Lucia to send it back again. 
Since this is gonna take some time the letter has got to be timeless, it needs to be more like a tale.

Wednesday November 30th, 2005

I confesed my eternal love to her and she dumped it. Now I'm healing trying to rely on distance.
Still I get some good ideas from time to time.
The one for today is to do:

Billet-doux's to her
    Perhaps she just looked first into the bouquet, to see whether there was a billet-doux hidden among the flowers; but there was no 
letter.
    --William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair

    Young lovers in Victorian England, forbidden to express their affection in public and fearful that strict parents would intercept 
their billets-doux, sent coded messages through the personal columns in newspapers.
    --Susan Adams, "I've got a secret,"Forbes, September 20, 1999


Sunday, February 19th, 2006

There were no new thoughts for the new year yet. I have been dealing with this as best as I can, but it still is very difficult to break appart from just wanting to know 
about her all the time. I can't break free from writing to her, I always end out doing it, even though, I know I shouldn't do it. I re-read the hurting e-mail, which makes 
my memory remember how far away she is from ME.


